Update 2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md (#585)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md

* Johnny Blade and Feager put on a typical PpW style match, with weapons like kendo sticks, steel plates, chairs, road signs and an improvised mace.
* Both members of Legia Łysych had a singles match, and accompanied their partner to the ring. The local crowd reacted strongly to them, singing very crude football stadium chants against Legia.
* Prompted by the popular chants of "Eat his head!" (_Zjedz mu łeb!_), [Samson](@/w/samson.md) bit [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) on the head.

> * [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) entered with a modified version of his theme song, adding an intro from Madonna's "Like a player", referencing his MZW past and prodigal son return. During the match, he played up his career-threatening injury (shattered collarbone) to garner a heel heat in his match. After dodging Buckna's corner offence, he 'botched' a roll, leading to referee checking on him. He used this chance to low-blow [Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md) standing behind him and make a come back for a near-fall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) entered with a modified version of his theme song, adding an intro from Madonna's "Like a prayer", referencing his MZW past and prodigal son return. During the match, he played up his career-threatening injury (shattered collarbone) to garner heel heat in his match. After dodging Buckna's corner offense, he 'botched' a roll, leading to referee checking on him. He used this chance to low-blow [Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md) standing behind him, and make a come back for a near-fall.
```
